Brother-in-law, we can’t do anything anymore.
Someone who had monitored Yin before sent word that,
Guo Yin didn't know what the wind was about.
I can't help Sulong Baipai. That's difficult,
My aunt is more or less fierce. real,
You are absolutely perfect. As long as we can make Su Long's sex difficult, he will be dead.
Then Su Long, look for your aunt,
revenge. don't want to see,
Never want to see it. Now I am just happy that the law is difficult,
Take it back. No, look. Come
Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill
Why aren't you blue?
Make the little gray blue
Why do I always give it to you?
It's no longer a good idea to wash your hands of evil like this.
See you again
Roll silently